so your friend asks you for a favor
and gives you five bucks asking to buy
something to eat
something to drink something to feed his
cow with
and something to plant in his garden at
the same time
you're allowed to buy just one thing
what are you gonna buy
you can go and buy a watermelon you can
eat it
you can drink it you can feed the cow
with the rinds
and as for the watermelon seeds you can
easily plant them in the garden
an egg has to fall 100 feet but you
can't let it break
you can't slow down its fall or cushion
its landing
how can you do it
drop the egg from a height greater than
100 feet
and it won't break for the first hundred
feet cracks me up
let's imagine you don't know what an
elephant looks like
one day you're going on a safari to
watch animals with your friends
one of them points at a rhino and tells
you it's an elephant
the other shows you a hippo and claims
that it's an elephant
who will you believe and why
the task was to imagine that you didn't
know what an elephant looked like
not that you didn't know what a hippo
and a rhino are
it means you won't believe either of
your friends
it's fitness day at school and all the
children ran
the same distance each kid was ranked
according to his or her
own unique result billy turned out to be
both
the 50th fastest and the 50th slowest
runner
how many kids are there at billy's
school
even though 100 sounds like a clear-cut
answer
it's actually 99. billy is the 50th in
the sequence from 1 to 50 of the fastest
runners
if he's the 50th slowest there has to be
99 runners ranked from 50 to 99.
mrs smith went to the police claiming
that her vintage necklace was missing
the woman was upset when the police
arrived they saw
no signs of a break-in no messed up
locks
no misplaced doors only one window was
broken
there was a total mess inside the house
and dirty footprints
all over the floor surprisingly the next
day
mrs smith was arrested for fraud why
the police were sure that mrs smith lied
to them
because the window was broken from the
inside if it had been broken from the
outside
little pieces of glass would have been
on the room's floor
you've been captured and kept in jail
for several months
one day you managed to open your cell
and get out into the hall
there are three exits a huge vicious
looking man
guards one of them the second has angry
dogs
and in front of the third exit there's a
timer ticking down to an explosion in 5
minutes
which exit will you choose
wait until the explosion is over and get
out through the third exit
bill and joe have had an argument about
human body capabilities
and made a deal bill would go to
antarctica
and joe would travel to the sahara
desert where
they'll both try to survive for three
days without
any shelter and clothes but with plenty
of food and water
who has the better chances of survival
it's joe in antarctica the temperatures
are freezing
all the time and without any cover bill
would become an
icicle in less than a day in the sahara
on the other hand the extreme heat might
cause blisters and even heat stroke
but only in the day it's rather cool
there at night
and water will help joe fight any
dehydration
james escaped from prison and ran for
the countryside
suddenly on a small deserted road he saw
a police car heading
right at him james ran toward the car
for some time
then turned and rushed into the woods
why did he run
toward the car first
james was in the middle of a bridge when
he saw the car
he had to run toward the vehicle to get
off the bridge
newlyweds left for their honeymoon and
asked their neighbor to look after their
house
when they returned the woman found out
that she'd lost
all her expensive jewelry because of a
power outage
the woman had hidden her jewelry in a
supposedly safe place
the house wasn't robbed the neighbor was
an honest person
the jewelry got lost on accident what
happened
[Music]
the wife hid her jewelry in the freezer
in a bag with frozen food
after the power failure all the food
spoiled
the kind-hearted neighbor decided to
help and threw away
all the bad food together with the
jewelry
on a sunny windless day a ship was in
the harbor
there were many people on the shore
looking at the vessel
suddenly the ship started to sink fast
there was nothing wrong with it there
was no storm and the skies were blue
and yet the ship went down in front of
the spectators
what happened
nothing unexpected the submarine's
captain just
ordered the crew to dive you're playing
ping pong
when your last ball falls into a one
foot deep narrow metal pipe
embedded in the concrete floor how can
you get the ball
out of the pipe if all you have is your
paddle
a bottle of water and your shoelaces
pour the water from your bottle into the
hole and the ball
will rise to the surface oh and use your
shoelaces to keep your shoes on
it took seven years to build the world's
tallest skyscraper
every year the builders managed to
double its height
how many years did it take the
skyscraper to reach half its maximum
[Music]
height
six years if the constructors doubled
the building's height
every year the skyscraper had to be half
its final height
a year before it was completed
there's a low railroad bridge in your
town with a car tunnel under it
one day you see a large truck sitting
right in front of the tunnel
and a confused driver walking around you
come up to him and ask
what happened it turned out that the
truck is just a couple of inches taller
than the allowed height
so if he drives inside the truck will
get stuck
unfortunately that's the only way to the
driver's destination
how can he get through the tunnel
he has to let the air out of the tires
it'll make the truck lower
lucy could only use a public telephone
to make calls
one day the phone broke she informed the
phone company
but they did nothing the next day she
came there again
and said something the day after that
the phone was fixed
what did lucy say
she said that people were making calls
without paying
a family lived in a round hut there were
five people
a mother a father and their three sons
when the father came home one day
he discovered that his computer was
broken the mother was away
mark the oldest kid said he was doing
his homework
jack the middle kid swore he was drawing
and tom the youngest told father that
mom had punished him
and so he was standing in a corner who
broke the computer
it was tom of course a roundhouse
doesn't have any corners
there is a one mile long bridge which
can only hold
five thousand pounds at one time that's
exactly the weight of the truck that's
crossing it
the truck reaches the middle of the
bridge and stops
suddenly a bird lands on the truck is
the bridge going to collapse
the bridge isn't going to break down
because the truck has already used some
gas to get to the middle
and therefore weighs less than 5 000
pounds
you agreed to take part in a reality
show but it turned out to be a trap from
a crazed lunatic
he tells you to dive into one of four
tanks
the first one is swarming with venomous
snakes
the second is filled with corrosive acid
electric eels are swimming in the third
one
and the fourth tank is filled with
bacteria-infested water
in which tank will you have more chances
of survival
choose the tank with the bacteria first
of all not all bacteria are harmful
and secondly not all of them are
contagious
good luck with that mark got himself a
new book to read
the plot was so exciting that he
couldn't stop
and kept reading the story until late at
night he didn't turn on the lights when
it was pitch dark
and there was no one to do it for him
but he still managed to read the book
till the end that night
how is that possible
mark was blind and was reading a book
written in braille
or he could have just had an e-book hey
why not